##Header

  #logo and Name

  #Menu 
    1)Home
    3)Contact Details

##Main

  #Logo
  #Content
  #Police Station & Uint button

##footer

  #Terms & Condition
      Terms and Conditions for Gujarat Police Feedback Management System
      1)Acceptance of Terms:
      By using the Gujarat Police Feedback Management System, you agree to be bound by these Terms and any future revisions or updates. 
      These Terms may be subject to change, and it is your responsibility to review them periodically to stay informed of any updates.
      2)User Eligibility:
      You must be at least 18 years of age to use the System. By using the System, you represent that you meet this age requirement.
      3)Feedback Submission:
      The Gujarat Police Feedback Management System allows users to provide feedback on the services and actions of the Gujarat Police. 
      All feedback must be accurate and honest. Submitting false or misleading information is strictly prohibited.
      4)Privacy:
      The Gujarat Police is committed to safeguarding your privacy. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for detailed information about 
      how we collect, use, and protect your personal information.
      5)Termination:
      The Gujarat Police reserves the right to terminate your access to the Feedback Management System at its sole discretion if you 
      violate these Terms or engage in any inappropriate conduct. You may also request termination of your account by contacting us.
      6)Governing Law:
      These Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Gujarat, India. Any legal actions related to 
      these Terms or the System shall be exclusively filed in the appropriate court in Gujarat.
  #FAQ
      Frequently asked Questions for Citizen Portal
      1) How to reset Password in Citizen Portal?
      To reset the password, you need to click on FORGOT PASSWORD option on login page of Citizen Portal. After clicking on forgot 
      password you need to enter your username and then you need to select the security question and write its answer that you have 
      entered at the time of registration on Citizen Portal. On entering asked details you will have the text box to enter the new 
      password and confirm new password. On submitting the details your password will get reset.

      2) How to view the status of the request applied?
      For viewing the status of the request applied you have to go to the option MY REQUEST LIST on portal home page.

      3) Why security questions are not displayed in the drop down?
      If security questions are not displayed in the drop down then kindly check that your phone is updated to latest Operating System 
      and in Google play store update the application named Android System Web View.

      4) How can I edit my personal details?
      For editing personal details you can click on MY PROFILE option near your profile photo or you can go to MY ACCOUNT menu.

      5) Where can I complaint for the issues faced on Citizen Portal?
      For complaint you can send a mail or call to the respective department given the CONTACT DETAILS. Kindly mention the mobile number 
      in the mail.

  #Social Media links
     facebook
     instagram
     twitter